tfe_team_access: Add Custom workspace access support (#184)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/r/team_access.html.markdown

The following arguments are supported:

* `team_id` - (Required) ID of the team to add to the workspace.
* `workspace_id` - (Required) ID of the workspace to which the team will be added.

> * `access` - (Conflicts with `permissions`) Type of fixed access to grant. Valid values are `admin`, `read`, `plan`, or `write`. To use `custom` permissions, use a `permissions` block instead.
> * `permissions` - (Conflicts with `access`) Permissions to grant using [custom workspace permissions](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#custom-workspace-permissions).
> 
>   The arguments for this block are:
> 
>   - `runs` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's runs. Valid values are `read`, `plan`, or `apply`.
>   - `variables` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's variables. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `write`.
>   - `state_versions` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's state versions. Valid values are `none`, `read`, `read-outputs`, or `write`.
>   - `sentinel_mocks` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's generated Sentinel mocks, Valid values are `none` or `read`.
>   - `workspace_locking` - (Required) Boolean determining whether or not to grant the team permission to manually lock/unlock the workspace.
> 
> At least one of `access` or `permissions` must be specified, but not both. Whichever is omitted will automatically reflect the state of the other.

Reviewer: same thing as above, make a little more consistent with other docs:
```suggestion
* `access` - (Optional) Type of fixed access to grant. Valid values are `admin`, `read`, `plan`, or `write`. To use `custom` permissions, use a `permissions` block instead. This value _must not_ be provided if `permissions` is provided.
* `permissions` - (Optional) Permissions to grant using [custom workspace permissions](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/permissions.html#custom-workspace-permissions). This value _must not_ be provided if `access` is provided.

The `permissions` block supports:

* `runs` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's runs. Valid values are `read`, `plan`, or `apply`.
* `variables` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's variables. Valid values are `none`, `read`, or `write`.
* `state_versions` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's state versions. Valid values are `none`, `read`, `read-outputs`, or `write`.
* `sentinel_mocks` - (Required) The permission to grant the team on the workspace's generated Sentinel mocks, Valid values are `none` or `read`.
* `workspace_locking` - (Required) Boolean determining whether or not to grant the team permission to manually lock/unlock the workspace.

-> **Note:** At least one of `access` or `permissions` _must_ be provided, but not both. Whichever is omitted will automatically reflect the state of the other.
```

Reviewer: could also take the optional bit off that i added here and leave it neither require or optional since it is special 🤷 
or leave the conflicts with thing in there.

Author: 😬 I actually used a nested list here already: https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/tfe/r/team.html#argument-reference

But looking at the site, I guess the markdown renderer we use doesn't actually respect nested lists, so it looks wrong and I should change that too 🤦🏻‍♂️

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2430490/84825327-e3f45180-afe6-11ea-9679-08271d9bd9f4.png)
